docs: update qase-cucumberjs readme (#598)
qase-tms/qase-javascript: qase-cucumberjs/README.md

# Qase TMS Cucumber JS reporter

Publish results simple and easy.

## How to install

```sh

> npm install -D cucumberjs-qase-reporter

Reviewer: until it's released
```suggestion
npm install -D cucumberjs-qase-reporter@beta
```

Author: fixed

```

## Updating from v1

> You can update a test project from using version 1 to version 2 in several steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update a test project using cucumberjs-qase-reporter@v1 to version 2:
```

Author: fixed

> 1. Update reporter configuration in `qase.config.json` and/or environment variables —

Reviewer: Just one step? Didn't import paths change?

Author: yep, only one step

   see the [configuration reference](#configuration) below.

## Getting started

The Cucumber JS reporter can auto-generate test cases
and suites from your test data.
Test results of subsequent test runs will match the same test cases
as long as their names and file paths don't change.

You can also annotate the tests with the IDs of existing test cases
from Qase.io before executing tests. It's a more reliable way to bind
autotests to test cases, that persists when you rename, move, or
parameterize your tests.

For example:

```gherkin
Feature: Cucumber documentation
  As a user of cucumber.js
  I want to have documentation on cucumber
  So I can write better applications

  @QaseID=1
  Scenario: Usage documentation
    Given I am on the cucumber.js GitHub repository
    When I go to the README file
    Then I should see a "Cool" section

>     When I go to the README file

Author: fixed

- `QASE_TESTOPS_RUN_DESCRIPTION` - Same as `testops.run.description`

To run using ENV you have to execute:

```bash

> cucumber-js -f cucumberjs-qase-reporter features

Author: fixed
